HTGET version 0.93 (C) J Whitham 1998
partly based on snarf (C) 1995-1997 Zachary Beane
Send bug reports/helpful comments to: jwhitham@globalnet.co.uk


Please read INSTALL to set htget up. See this file and the 
man page if you have difficulties.


HTGET now has a website at
http://www.users.globalnet.co.uk/~jwhitham/htget/

Please check the site if you have a problem with this program. It may be
that others have had the same problem, and I have posted a new version.



Contents:
	Description
	Disclaimer
	Usage
	To Do
	Credits


Description
-----------

HTGET is a file grabber that will get files from HTTP servers. 
The aim behind this program is to create a downloader that you can leave
running in the background - one that's totally reliable and can cope with
just about any problem, and won't stop downloading unless it's forced to.

htget is not a finished program, so while much of the above is true, it's
not quite as reliable as it should be.

Currently it compiles on Linux. It may need substantial modification to
work on other platforms. I have got it to compile on Linux 2.0.30
and onwards, using gcc and libc5.

The networking code is based on a program called snarf, 
by Zachary Beane (xach@mint.net), available from sunsite.unc.edu. See
Credits for more details.



Disclaimer
----------

This software is distributed under the GNU Public License: see the file
LICENSE included with the program for details. Essentially it means
that this software is totally free, but has no warranty of any kind.
In other words, even if it formats your hard disk or brings the Internet
to a halt, it's your fault for using it.

By using this program you agree to the terms of it's LICENSE, and understand
that you are responsible for anything you use it for, and anything it does.


Usage
-----

Please see the man page for details.


To Do
-----

Make more reliable
Add FTP downloads?
Add a nice GUI, maybe for KDE...

Much better handling of errors is needed. At the moment, when htget
hits an error 403 (Forbidden) it carries on (with Redial) until it
gets it. Which will probably be never. Also, handling of TCP errors
is really bad...

The program can't handle HTTP proxies as yet, either. It probably
never will, because my ISP doesn't have one. If you require a proxy
feature, please feel free to implement one! It should hopefully be
quite easy to do that.


Credits
-------

The networking part is heavily based on Zachary Beane's code, used in
snarf.. His code didn't support many of the features I've added, and I
have changed it all so much that this is effectively a completely new
program.

snarf is (C) 1995-1997 Zachary Beane

The original credits list for snarf included:
     o Greg Lewis for helping me find out what flags I
       needed to add to newer SunOSs to get this program to compile.
     o Ganesh (ganesh@cse.iitb.ernet.in) for providing me with a very nice
       snarf-specific ftp interface
     o Sean Connor for helping me patch a few little buffer overruns and
       other cosmetic things. He's incredibly nit-picky, but that's a good
       thing :).
     o The Debian people (doesn't that sound like a rock band) for including
       snarf in Debian distributions, and making more people bother me with
       bug reports (I love them)
     o msw on GIMPnet IRC for doing some beta testing

Thanks to Oliver Mang for pointing out two bugs in version 0.91.

Many thanks to Mike Simons, who rewrote the main loop for 0.93, added some
bugfixes and made quite a lot of optimisations, and to Troy, the debian
package maintainer for htget. 


